# Security Policy
GUARD ENCRYPTION® SERVICE AGREEMENT
 In addition to the terms and conditions in the applicable sections of the Master Service Agreement, the following additional terms and conditions of the Guard Encryption® Service Agreement (collectively, the “Agreement”) shall apply to the Guard Encryption® Service (as defined below).
1. Description of Service.
 a. For Subscribing Users of Guard Encryption Service. Network Solutions is providing current subscribers of the Guard Encryption Service with software and/or other services that provide the ability to encrypt and decrypt electronic messages and attachments thereto ("Guard Encryption Service").
b. For Non-Subscribing Recipients and Users of Guard Encryption Service. Network Solutions is providing non- subscribing recipients and users with access to the Guard Encryption Service to decrypt messages from current Guard Encryption Service subscribers and allow non-subscribing Guard Encryption Service recipients and users to encrypt a limited response (non-subscribing Guard Encryption Service users will not be able to send an encrypted response to any email address not included in the original encrypted message, nor will the non- subscribing Guard Encryption Service user be able to include an attachment to the encrypted response). The non-subscribing Guard Encryption Service recipient’s and user's ability to use the Guard Encryption Service is
 conditioned upon the non-subscribing Guard Encryption Service user having Internet web access and the ability to support specific secure web sessions including, but not limited to, a compatible Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
c. Equipment and Compatibility Requirements. You must: (a) provide all necessary compatible equipment and software including, but not limited to, equipment and software that supports a compatible electronic mail service; and (b) provide for your own connection to the Internet and pay any service fees associated with such connection.
d. Further Access and Usage Limits. Network Solutions, at any time and in its sole discretion, may restrict or modify: (a) the size of an electronic message that the Guard Encryption Service will encrypt or decrypt; and (b) the number of recipient decryptions (i.e., the number of times a recipient decrypts your encrypted message) for the messages you encrypt with the Guard Encryption Service in a given time period. Network Solutions, at any time and in its sole discretion, may further restrict or modify the Guard Encryption Service's ability to encrypt and decrypt messages in order to maintain the quality of our services and to protect our computer systems. Network Solutions, in its sole discretion, will determine whether or not your use of the Guard Encryption Service is consistent with this Agreement and any Network Solutions operating rules or policies, and may suspend or terminate your access to the Guard Encryption Service if your usage is found to be inconsistent with this Agreement or such rules or policies. The Guard Encryption Service is subject to unscheduled outages that will impact your ability to use the Guard Encryption Service. Network Solutions will use commercially reasonable efforts to restore the Guard Encryption Service after any unscheduled outages.
e. Disclaimer of Malware, Viruses and Spam. Network Solutions makes no representations or warranties that any virus, spam or malware detection service or software will be able to access the electronic messages that you encrypt or decrypt with the Guard Encryption Service. You acknowledge and agree that the Guard Encryption Service (or any other encryption technology) may significantly or completely disable the effectiveness of any spam, computer virus or malware detection software or service, and that Network Solutions is not responsible or liable to you or any third party with respect to our Guard Encryption Service, your receipt of spam, computer viruses and/or malware, or the transmission of viruses or malware to your or connected computer systems, networks and/or email programs.
f. Limitation on Encryption Technology. You acknowledge and agree that the Guard Encryption Service is not guaranteed to be one hundred percent (100%) effective or error free and may permit unauthorized access to electronic mail messages and files that have been encrypted or decrypted by the Guard Encryption Service. You acknowledge and agree that Network Solutions shall have no liability to you or any third party with respect to our Guard Encryption Service, your failure to send or receive an encrypted electronic message or attachment, or the
 unauthorized access to your or your intended recipients' encrypted electronic messages or attachments.
 2. Privacy. You acknowledge and agree that nothing will preclude Network Solutions from monitoring, editing or disclosing the contents of your encrypted electronic messages with third parties if Network Solutions is required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on Network Solutions; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Network Solutions; (c) determine if you are violating the Agreement or the Acceptable Use Policy; or (d) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our customers or the public. You acknowledge and agree that certain technical processing may be required to encrypt and decrypt electronic messages and their content. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that Network Solutions' current privacy policy incorporated herein and made part of this Agreement by reference (posted and maintained athttp://www.networksolutions.com/legal/privacy-policy.jsp)

 ("Privacy Policy") is applicable to your contact information and that this Section 2 does not modify or amend the Privacy Policy.
3. Your Conduct. You acknowledge and agree that you will be deemed to be in violation of the Acceptable Use Policy if you use the Guard Encryption Service to encrypt messages that, according to the sole discretion of Network Solutions, contain: spam; computer viruses; malware; illegal or unlawful content; threatening, libelous, obscene, harassing or offensive material; or content that infringes the intellectual property of a third party. You acknowledge and agree that you will be deemed to be in violation of the Acceptable Use Policy if you use the Guard Encryption Service in any manner that: (a) violates the Agreement; (b) is in conjunction with or assists the furthering of a prohibited use of Network Solutions' services as described in the Acceptable Use Policy; (c) is in conjunction with or assists the prevention, delay or circumvention of detecting the prohibited use of Network Solutions' services as described in the Acceptable Use Policy; or (d) is in conjunction with or assists in the use of a service provided by another party and the use of that other service would violate the Acceptable Use Policy if that service were provided by Network Solutions.
4. Indemnification by You. In addition to your other obligations of indemnification under this Agreement, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Network Solutions, its parent and subsidiary companies, and their respective officers, directors, members, shareholders, affiliates, agents, employees and assigns from and against
 any and all liabilities, claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, relating to or arising out of your use of the Guard Encryption Service to encrypt and decrypt electronic messages including, but not limited to, claims made against Network Solutions due to your use of the Guard Encryption Service to encrypt messages that contain: spam; computer viruses; malware; illegal or unlawful content; threatening, libelous, obscene, harassing or offensive material; or content that infringes the intellectual property of a third party.
5. Proprietary Rights. The Guard Encryption Service is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. All right, title and interest in and to the Guard Encryption Service, including but not limited to copyrights, patent rights, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights, are owned by Network Solutions or its suppliers. All copies and portions of the Guard Encryption Service, in any form, belong to Network Solutions or its suppliers, which retain all rights not expressly granted herein. Nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver of Network Solutions' rights under United States copyright law or any other law.
6. License. Network Solutions grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the Guard Encryption Service subject to the terms and restrictions set forth herein ("License"). No license is granted with respect to any rights to patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, or any other rights in respect to the Guard Encryption Service. You may not re-distribute or sublicense the Guard Encryption Service.
7. Other Restrictions. You acknowledge and agree that you may not rent, lend, lease or distribute the Guard Encryption Service. You acknowledge and agree that you may not alter, modify or adapt the Guard Encryption Service or reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create derivative works from the Guard Encryption Service, or allow a third party to do any of the foregoing, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation or by this License. If you are a European Union ("EU") resident, information necessary to achieve interoperability of the Guard Encryption Service with other programs within the meaning of the EU Directive on the Legal Protection of Computer Programs is available to you upon written request. Network Solutions may terminate this License if you fail to comply with any of its terms and conditions. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the Guard Encryption Service or any portion thereof.
8. Export Restrictions. You acknowledge and agree that the Guard Encryption Service is subject to the export control laws and regulations of the United States, including but not limited to the Export Administration Regulations ("EAR"), and sanctions regimes of the U.S. Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Asset Controls. You will comply with these laws and regulations. You shall not, without prior U.S. government
 authorization, export, reexport, or transfer the Guard Encryption Service, either directly or indirectly, to any country subject to a U.S. trade embargo or to any resident or national of any such country, or to any person or entity listed on the "Entity List" or "Denied Persons List" maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce or the list of "Specifically Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons" maintained by the U.S. Department of Treasury. In addition, the Guard Encryption Service may not be exported, reexported, or transferred to an end-user engaged in activities related to weapons of mass destruction. Such activities include but are not necessarily limited to activities related to: (1) the design, development, production, or use of nuclear materials, nuclear facilities or nuclear weapons; (2) the design, development, production or use of missiles or support of missiles projects; and (3) the design, development, production or use of chemical or biological weapons.

 9. United States Government. If the Guard Encryption Service is accessed or used by any agency or other part of the U.S. Government, you and the U.S. Government acknowledge that (i) the Guard Encryption Service and accompanying materials constitute "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation" under paragraphs 252.227.14 and 252.227.7202 of the DoD Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") or any successor regulations, and the Government is acquiring only the usage rights specifically granted in this License; (ii) the Guard Encryption Service constitutes "restricted computer software" under paragraph 52.227-19 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") or any successor regulations and the government's usage rights are defined in this License and the FAR.
10. Termination by Network Solutions. You acknowledge and agree that, in addition to its ability to terminate your subscription, license and/or use of the Guard Encryption Service pursuant to the Agreement, Network Solutions has the right to terminate immediately your subscription, License and/or use of the Guard Encryption Service if Network Solutions has a good faith belief that your use of Guard Encryption services is in a manner that: (1) may be fraudulent or unauthorized; (2) may subject Network Solutions to a claim by a third party; (3) may violate any law, Network Solutions' policy or the Agreement; (4) may violate any right of a third party; or (5) may subject Network Solutions to receive a complaint from a third party that you are violating any law, Network Solutions' policy, the Agreement or any right of a third party.
 11. Limitation of Liability/Disclaimer of All Warranties: IN ADDITION TO YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND AGREEMENT TO THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES CONTAINED IN THE AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NETWORK SOLUTIONS IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONTENT CONTAINED IN MESSAGES OR FILES ENCRYPTED BY THE GUARD ENCYRPTION SERVICE INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO: SPAM; COMPUTER VIRUSES; MALWARE; ILLEGAL OR UNLAWFUL CONTENT; THREATENING, LIBELOUS, OBSCENE, HARASSING OR OFFENSIVE MATERIAL; OR ANY CONTENT THAT INFRINGES A THIRD PARTY'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NETWORK SOLUTIONS IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR THE TRANSMISSION OF VIRUSES OR MALWARE TO YOUR OR ANY CONNECTED OR RELATED COMPUTER SYSTEMS, NETWORKS AND/OR EMAIL PROGRAMS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NETWORK SOLUTIONS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OF THE GUARD ENCRYPTION SERVICE, YOUR FAILURE TO SEND OR RECEIVE AN ENCRYPTED ELECTRONIC MESSAGE OR ATTACHMENT, OR THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR OR YOUR INTENDED RECIPIENTS' ENCRYPTED ELECTRONIC MESSAGES OR ATTACHMENTS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF NETWORK SOLUTIONS' GUARD ENCRYPTION SERVICE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU AGREE THAT ALL OF SUCH SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS," AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. NETWORK SOLUTIONS AND ITS LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. NEITHER NETWORK SOLUTIONS NOR ITS LICENSORS MAKE ANY WARRANTY THAT THE GUARD ENCRYPTION SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE GUARD ENCRYPTION SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE GUARD ENCRYPTION SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL AND/OR DATA. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NETWORK SOLUTIONS' ENTIRE LIABILITY, AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, IN LAW, IN EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE GUARD ENCRYPTION SERVICE PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR FOR ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT IS SOLELY LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE GUARD ENCRYPTION SERVICE DURING THE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT.
